And now,
let's proceed with a demo and see how these visualizations
can be implemented in AWS QuickSight.
Let's now learn how to do data analysis using AWS QuickSight service.
I will now login into AWS Management Console, and I will search for QuickSight.
And I will choose QuickSight.
And now AWS Management Console tells me that I'm not registered for QuickSight.
I can sign up for an account.
There are two types of accounts for Amazon QuickSight,
the Standard and Enterprise accounts.
The Standard account would be enough for our purposes.
The Enterprise account has additional features such as row‑level security,
Active Directory integration, and encryption at rest.
And then I will click Continue.
I'll be presented with this form to fill in the account details.
The QuickSight account name, I will fill in HousingSetVisualization.
And then it also asks for an email where I can send the notifications.
The other tick boxes will be helpful if we would like to
integrate AWS QuickSight to other AWS services.
We don't plan to do that.
So, let's click Finish.
And then I will wait a few seconds until my QuickSight account is created.
And here it has been created.
Click on Go to Amazon QuickSight.
And now we will be presented with Amazon QuickSight portal,
which is different from AWS Management Console.
The first tip we would like to do is to upload our dataset,
so I will click on Manage data.
And then I will click on New data set.
As you can see,
AWS QuickSight supports many types of datasets such as file sources,
SQL Server, or even Twitter feeds.
Let's click on Upload a file to upload our dataset as CSV.
And now QuickSight is showing me a peek from my dataset.
Then I will click Next.
Then I will click Visualize to start visualizing my data.
You'll notice that QuickSight provides a nice summary on the
right to show how the process looks like.
And now let's have a high‑level overview of our AWS QuickSight.
On the bottom left, we have a different visualization types section.
And from there we can choose which visualization we would like to do.
On the top,
there are fields on our dataset that we can use for data visualization.
While at the top, there are fields on our dataset which we can use
for visualization in the Field wells section.
While on the far left, we have some options if we would like to
create some filters on our data visualization,
define some parameters, or even create a story for our visual.
Since this is not a QuickSight course, we will not dive there.
While in the bottom‑right section, this is where we will see our visualization.
Let's do something simple and do a scatter plot.
I have chosen a scatter plot.
Notice that the field wells contain the X axis value, Y access, and Size.
Let's create a scatter plot similar to what we created in the previous
demo in the AWS SageMaker which we made through Seaborn,
which was SalePrice and Overall Quality.
On the X axis, I will choose the SalePrice field.
I can use the Data set filter here to search for SalePrice.
And I will drop it in the X axis.
And then I will search for the Overall Quality field,
and I will drop it in the Y axis.
And in a few seconds we get our scatter plot,
similar with what we did with Python Seaborn in the previous demo.
You can note that the SalePrice range is smaller than what we get in AWS
SageMaker. This can be modified from the settings.
The rest of the visualizations follow the same logic.
However,
you need to know that AWS QuickSight as of now is missing some visualization types such as histogram..